Add January 22 2022 event resources (#14)
Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops: events/2022-january-22/notes-2022-january-22.md

# Notes: Writing image descriptions for documentation

## Notes by section

### Intro talks: Links from slides
- [Event Code of Conduct](https://jupyter.org/governance/conduct/code_of_conduct.html)
- [Jupyter.org](https://jupyter.org/)
- [The WebAIM Million](https://webaim.org/projects/million/)
- [W3C Web Accessibility Initiative Accessibility Tutorials: Image Concepts](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/images/)
- [Alt text hall of fame nominations](https://github.com/Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops/issues/9)
- [Event Feedback Survey](https://forms.gle/H6AvxZ718wyGHtxJA)
- [Jupyter community calendar](https://docs.jupyter.org/en/latest/community/content-community.html#jupyter-community-meetings)
- [Jupyter Discourse](https://discourse.jupyter.org/c/special-topics/accessibility/29)
- [GitHub jupyter/accessibility repository](https://github.com/jupyter/accessibility/)

### Breakout sessions

The sessions are just over 30 minutes long. There will be a break in the middle, then we will regroup after the second round.

> Sprint topics are
> - contributing image descriptions
> - automated testing for themes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two breakout session groups, each with a different topic:
1. contributing image descriptions
2. automated testing for themes
```

Since you refer to them as group 1 and group 2 below I thought it might help the reader make the connection if you use numerals here too

#### Breakout session group 1 notes (contributing image descriptions)

> - This is [our working PR for the Jupyter documentation]()
> - The [event agenda]() has more details on how to participate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is [our working PR for the Jupyter documentation](https://github.com/isabela-pf/jupyter/pull/1)
- The [event agenda](mentored_sprint_agenda.md) has more details on how to participate
```
